Aim: To understand trends in APMC price & quantity arrival data for different commodities in Maharashtra.

What we expect to have: Various commodities, its price, quantity of arrival, Different location

Objective:
	1. Filter outliers: 
		Reading 1:
		How: Either we can plot or think of some other technique to do the same
		What to plot and how. 
		One solution is using standard deviation techniques. Read about it: 
		This has to be applied on the monthly file

		How can I remove outliers when I realize that they contribute to the fluctutation: So, outlier should be interms of the date and not the price



	2. Understand price fluctuations accounting seasonal effect for EACH CLUSTER and COMMODITY (is it month wise or what wise)
		How: We need to calculate the multiplicative seasonal index for each commodity and the cluster 
			 We need to think of how to cluster them . On what basis


	3. Adjust the prices after multiplying by the index
	How: read about how to adjust the prices on using mutiplicative index


	4. Compare prices with Minimum support price
	 Question: Should we deseasonalize this too? Find out how?
	 How: to compare the prices. Just a difference would suffice?

	5. Flag set of APMC/mandis and commodities with highest price fluctuation across different commodities in each relevant season, and year.
	How: Find the ones that very different than the market price. Do it for each commodity for each season for each year. 

	What are we achieving by that: 


	What data do we have
	

	Steps to do:

	Filter outliers
		Take the APMC file and for each commodity, for each APMC get the outlier across the various seasons
		Read: how to filter outliers. Use the average value they used

	Get the fluctuations
		Read: How to plot the trends, should we do a fitting of some sort

	Normalize the data:
		Use multiplicative indices to normalize the data

		Do it for MSP too

	Difference:

		Items that have a 



Productising:

A website where we can give filter to find how much fluctuation is happening 




New version of understanding

1. Testing and filtering outliers
	Not the prices  you dumbo. It is the dates. Prices are needed to detect the fluctutations
	Get the dates in a sequence

2. De-seasonalizing: Find out the value of the freq and the filter to be used
	Use the code and multiply the resid and the trend. This will give the fluctuation
	For the given data: Detect the seasons and multiply by those many values : 
	De seasonalize even the max and min prices

3. After de seasonalizing compare with the base price and flag the APMC that are selling at very high price
   
   However benefit of doubt to be given to them by comparing the quantity of arrival to see if volume is a reason for high prices
   

4. Getting the fluctuation
	Get a list of the values that see a huge drop from the previous value




