INput data details:
	Nature of the data: How many APMC, average number of COmmondities, average number of months per APMC for which data is available


Methodology:

	Genral paragraph about the list of steps that are being done.

	Since the required output is on the basis of individual groups, we first compartmentalize the data into groups.

	This is in the form of APMC and then commodity wise clustering. For each APMC and the cluster, we then sort the data date wise and process each such cluster further.

	Similarly, we also cluster the MSP data commodity wise and then sort the prices year wise.

	Outlier removal
	As the next step, we remove the outliers that have a huge fluctuation.This removal has to be done carefully since it conflicts with out interest of finding the fluctuation.
	Hence, we dont want to be removing the value that has a fluctuation as something taht is an outlier. However, in the current context, we remove outlier citing some mis-computing or human error in collecting the data.

	For outlier removal , we are using a standard deviation of 2 for removal. This value can be iterated upon and fixed at a particular value so that

    Filling missing data by interpolation and Extrapolation:
    Monthwise, linear interpolation for the monthly data abd a splie interpolation for the MSP data
    The need for this step is because we want to be able to compare the missing values easily.
    We are using an existing package for the removal of the same


	Deflation: Not performed since we are interested in computing the differnce between two entities that are equally affected as a result of inflation. 

	Removing seasonality:

	    What is done:
		    Assuming a 4   month seasonal cycle. Used the python package seasonal_decompose to separate the noise, trend and seasonality

        What is out of scope:
		Finding the ideal seasonal value by iterating on the frequency of the cycle and cheking the auto correlation factor to make sure the residual noise is entirely random. Owing to time constaint, this was not implemented.

	Calculating the fluctuation for each time index: 
		Difference between the APMC and MSP and storing against each time index

		Save this file as an output file

	Do a commodity wise, season wise scanning and flag the APMC which has a huge fluctuation

	Do a kick ass graph which explains it all

Future scope:

Get a mapping of the volume and distance based analysis of the various APMC's






